#summary Description of some auxiliary Bash scripts.
#labels Bash


In the Subversion repository of this project some auxiliary 
_[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bash_(Unix_shell) Bash shell]_ scripts can be found under _[https://code.google.com/p/chbosync4android/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2FBashScripts trunk/BashScripts]_. These scripts can be executed on a Linux system (they were tested with _OpenSuse 13.1_) or with _[https://www.cygwin.com/ Cygwin32]_ on Windows.

List of scripts:

 * _*CutScreenshotFromNexus4.sh*_: Crop screenshots taken on Nexus 4 with Emulator. These screenshots can be used in the app's listing in the app store.

  * _*BuildFeatureGraphic.sh*_: Takes the app's icon (512x512 pixel) as input and creates a _"Feature Graphic"_ to be used in the app's listing in the app store. The icon's size is reduced to 480x480 and centered over a black background. The feature graphic created as the size of 1024x500. Feature Graphics are used at the top of the app's listing in the app store.

  * _*ExtractStringResourceNames.sh*_: Script for extracting the identifiers of translatable strings in XML resource files. The list of identifiers of each XML file is written to a text file in sorted order. These text files can be compared to find missing translations.

The script files that do image processing need _[http://www.imagemagick.org ImageMagick]_ to be installed (is also available as package for CygWin).

Please also read the comments at top of each of these script files.

These script were written especially for _ChoBoSync_, i.e. there were not taken from the _[Funambol Funambol] open source project_ or the _[PTBV_SyncML_Client  PTBV SyncML client]_. The scripts are distributed _WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY_!
