#summary Changes made to the "PTBV SyncML Client" for obtaining ChBoSync.
#labels changes

The following is a list of modification made in the source of the _[PTBV_SyncML_Client  PTBV SyncML Client]_ to obtain _ChBoSync_:

 * Reactivated (commented in) synchronization of notes (requires that the free app _[oi_notepad "OI Notepad"]_ is installed on the device).

 * Users can now move the app's installation to the SDCard.

 * Requires no longer a menu button on the device.

 * Changed information displayed on about dialog.

 * _About Activity_ can now also be opened by a button from the login screen (so even if the user has no valid credentials for any SyncML server he can access the about activity with the license information). 

 * Replaced implementation of method to detect if app is running in Emulator (see method _AndroidUtils::isAndroidEmulator()_ ).

 * Added dialog with confirmation question on logout.

 * When syncing of notes is not possible because the free app _[oi_notepad "OI Notepad"]_ is not installed on the device, then the app can show a _"fallback button"_ telling the reason to user (as replacement for the real button for syncing notes). By pressing on this _fallback button_ the user can directly open the entry for _[oi_notepad "OI Notepad"]_ in the app store client. 

 * A button for opening the entry for _[oi_notepad "OI Notepad"]_ in the app store client was added to the tab _"Advanced"_ of the settings.

 * Added handling of empty notes; title of a note is now the first non-empty row; for completely empty notes a fallback text is used.

 * When sending the log file via e-mail, then no longer an e-mail address of the original developer is inserted as default recipient.

 * Several tiny improvements in the source code (e.g., improving formatting).
----
 

For a list of changes made to obtain _[PTBV_SyncML_Client PTBV SyncML Client]_ based on the source code of 
_[Funambol Funambol's SyncML Client]_ you can look at the description of the corresponding 
[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.ptbv.android.syncmlclient appstore page].
<br><br>

==Limitation/Regressions== 

Self-signed certificates (for SSL) on the server are no longer supported (but were supported by the _[PTBV_SyncML_Client  PTBV SyncML Client]_). This should be fixed as of version 1.1 of ChBoSync (released in April 2015). 

Synchronization of calendar entries with URLs that contain special characters like ?, =, # might lead to an aborting of the calendar syncing. *Workaround:* Use URL shortender like _[http://tinyurl.com tinyurl.com]_ for such URLs (for example http://tinyurl.com/k4cx3hm ).