#summary Known bugs of the app in different versions

On this page known limitations/bugs of _ChBoSync_ are described.
<br><br>


=Self-Signed Certificates from Server are not accepted=

*Versions: 1.0*

Self-signed certificates (for SSL) from the server are no longer supported (but were supported by the _[PTBV_SyncML_Client  PTBV SyncML Client]_). This was fixed as of version 1.1 of ChBoSync (released in April 2015). 
<br><br>


=App icon might be blurry=

*Versions: 1.0 & 1.1*

The app's icon (e.g. used on the homescreen or the app depot) might be blurry depending on the resolution of the display. The reason for this is that the icon is only available with a size of 47x47 pixels, which is appropriate for displays with density class _"MDPI"_ (about 160 DPI). However, for displays with higher density classes like _"HDPI"_ (about 240 DPI) or _"XHDPI"_ (about 320 DPI) this icon has to be scaled about by the Android system at runtime which means that it becomes blurry. 
<br><br>


=Calendar entries with URLs with special characters=

*Versions: 1.0 & 1.1*

Synchronization of calendar entries with URLs that contain special characters like ?, =, # might lead to an abort of the calendar syncing. *Workaround:* Use URL shortender like _[http://tinyurl.com tinyurl.com]_ for such URLs (for example http://tinyurl.com/k4cx3hm ).
<br><br>

=Encrypted notes are not supported=

*Versions: 1.0 & 1.1*

Individual notes in _[oinotepad OI Notepad]_ can be encrypted if the app _"OI Safe"_ is also installed on the devices. If such an encrypted note is synced to another device, then it is not recognized as encrypted note by _OI Notepad_.