#summary Infos on "Open Intents Notepad" (Android App).
#labels notepad,openintents,notes


_"OI Notepad"_ is an open source app for managing personal notes on Android devices (_"OI"_ stands for _"Open Intents"_). You have to install this app on your Android device to be able to synchronize notes with _ChBoSync_.

The developers of _ChBoSync_ are _NOT_ related to the developers of _"OI Notepad"_.

_"OI Notepad"_ can be installed from Google's app store at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openintents.notepad . The APK file of this app is also available for direct download at https://code.google.com/p/openintents/downloads/list .

For more information see:
 * http://caique.arvixe.com/~oi/notepad

 * http://code.google.com/p/openintents/

<br>

The app can also be obtained via _[https://f-droid.org F-Droid]_, which is an alternative app store which offers only open source apps:
 * Webpage with appstore entry of _"OI Notepad"_: https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.openintents.notepad  (download link for APK file at bottom of page).

 * URL for downloading APK file: https://f-droid.org/repo/org.openintents.notepad_10068.apk

 * URL for downloading APK file for installaing _f-droid_ client: https://f-droid.org/FDroid.apk

 * Webpage with appstore entry on _[https://fossdroid.com]_, which is an alternative web frontend for f-droid: https://fossdroid.com/a/oi-notepad.html

<br>

You might want to also install _[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openintents.about "OI About"]_, which is another free app from the _"Open Intents"_ project needed to view the about info of _"OI Notepad"_.

The data exchange between _ChBoSync_ and _"OI Notepad"_ is realized using a so called _[http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/providers/content-providers.html Content-Provider]_.

==Syncing notes with a Horde server==

When used together with a [Horde] groupware server: There can be several notebooks. If there is more than just one notebook, then _ChBoSync_ seems to sync only the _first_ notebook, whereas _"first"_ means the first notebook according to the alphabetical order (i.e. the notebook that is the upper-most one in the list of notebooks on the left side of the WebUI).