#summary Notes on the possibility to sync tasks with ChBoSync using the app "Tasquid"_.
#labels astrid,tasquid

*!!! ChBoSync version 1.0 does _NOT_ support the syncing of tasks so far. This wiki page is about a possible feature that might be added in the future. !!!*

= Introduction =

The original _[Funambol] SyncML client_ for Android supported the syncing of tasks (ToDo lists). For this is was necessary that the Android app _"Astrid"_ by Toodoroo Inc was installed on the Android device. The syncing of tasks was disabled by the developer of the _[PTBV_SyncML_Client PTBV SyncML client]_ (like syncing of notes was also disabled). The communication between the _[Funambol] SyncML client_ and _"Astrid"_ was based on a _[http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/providers/content-providers.html Content Provider]_ offered by the Astrid app.

However, _"Astrid"_ is no longer available as app in Google's app store, because _Astrid/Toodoroo_ was purchased by Yahoo around May 2013. The source code of the Astrid app was released under an open source license: https://github.com/todoroo/astrid

Based on Astrid's code the app _Tasquid_ was developed, which is also available in Google's app store:
 * http://www.tasquid.com
 * https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eztransition.tasquid
 * https://www.facebook.com/tasquid
 * https://github.com/shaded2/Tasquid

The developers of _ChBoSync_ are neither related to the developers of _"Astrid"_ nor _"Tasquid"_.

= Changes needed in the source code of _ChBoSync_ =

The following is a list of changes necessary to re-enable the syncing of tasks for _ChBoSync_ (with _Tasquid_ instead of _Astrid_):

 * Add the following two permissions to the manifest file: _"com.todoroo.astrid.READ"_ and _"com.todoroo.astrid.WRITE"_. These permissions are needed to access the content provider offered by _Tasquid_.

 * Class _AndroidAppSyncSourceManager_ in package _de.chbosync.android.syncmlclient_, method _setupTasksSource()_: When invoking method _resolveContentProvider()_ the first argument has to be _"com.eztransition.tasquid"_ instead of _"com.todoroo.astrid"_. The purpose of this change is that _ChBoSync_ can detect that _Tasquid_ is installed on the same device (when no task app is found then syncing of tasks is disabled by _ChBoSync_).

 * Class _AndroidCustomization_ in package _de.chbosync.android.syncmlclient_: The values for the two constants _"TASKS_AVAILABLE"_ and _"TASKS_ENABLED"_ have to be set to _"true"_. Further, the value _"AndroidAppSyncSourceManager.TASKS_ID"_ for the array _"SOURCES_ORDER"_ has to be re-enabled.

 * Class _AstridTaskManager_ in package _de.chbosync.android.syncmlclient.source.pim.task_: The value of constant _"AUTHORITY"_ has to be changed to _"com.eztransition.tasquid"_. Further, the URI stored in constant _"CONTENT_URI"_ (in inner class _Task_) has to be changed to _"content://com.eztransition.tasquid/tasks"_. The reason for these changes is that the authority/URI for the content provider offered by _Tasquid_ were changed by the developers of _Tasquid_. 


See also the _[https://code.google.com/p/chbosync4android/source/detail?r=94 changelist for r94]_ in this project's Subversion repository.


= Changes needed in the source code of _Tasquid_ =

To use _Tasquid_ together with _ChBoSync_ it is also necessary to make a little change in the source code of _Tasquid_ (in the library project _"astridApi"_ to be more precise). *This means that the current version 4.6.8 of _Tasquid_, which is available in Google's app store, _CANNOT_ be used with _ChBoSync_.*

The following change has to be made in class _AstridApiConstants_ (package _com.todoroo.astrid.api_): The constant _"API_PACKAGE"_ has to have the value _"com.eztransition.tasquid"_ rather than _"com.todoroo.astrid"_. This has to be changed, because in _Tasquid's_ manifest file the attribute _"android:authorities"_ for the content provider _"com.todoroo.astrid.provider.Astrid3ContentProvider"_ was changed to _"com.eztransition.tasquid"_. 

Without this change the URIs added to the _UriMatcher_ object created in the static initializer block of class _Astrid3ContentProvider_ have a authority part at the beginning which does not match the authority definied in the manifest file. This prevents any app (not just _ChBoSync_) from actually accessing this content provider.