#summary Description on how to use the Eclipse project of the app's source code.
#labels Eclipse,source,import,ADT

=Using the Eclipse project=

The source code of _ChBoSync_ is provided as Eclipse project in the SVN repository of this project at _code.google.com_.

For the following description it is assumed that you have an installation of Eclipse with the _"Android Developer Tools (ADT)"_, which can be obtained at the following URL: http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html


 * Check out the folder _"trunk/ChBoSync_EclipseProject"_ from the SVN repository of this project (see tab _"[https://code.google.com/p/chbosync4android/source/checkout Source]"_ of this GoogleCode project).

 * In Eclipse/ADT choose _"Import ..."_ in menu _"File"_.

 * Selection of import source: _"Existing Android Code Into Workspace"_ under node _"Android"_.

 * Folder to select as _"Root Directory"_: _"ChBoSync_EclipseProject"_

 * One project should appear in the table unter the _"Root Directory"_; ensure that in column _"Project to Import"_ this project is selected and click on button _"Finish"_.

 * The project contains all libraries needed for compiling in the folder _"external-libs"_ (several Funambol libraries and _"[joda_time_library Joda Time]"_).

 * Start the app in the emulator or a device connected via the _"Android Debug Bridge (ADB)"_ to your PC by opening the context menu (right button of mouse) of the node labled _"ChBoSync"_ in the _"Package Explorer"_ and choose _"Run As | Android Application"_. 


=Get along in the source code=

A good starting point for exploring the source code are the screen classes in package _de.chbosync.android.syncmlclient.activities_, e.g. _AndroidHomeScreen_ or _AndroidLoginScreen_. These classes are subclasses of class _android.app.Activity_.

The different types of data that can be synced (e.g., contacts, calendar or notes) are called _"Sync Sources"_. For the setup of each of these _Sync Sources_ there is a method in class _AndroidAppSyncSourceManager_, e.g. method _setupContactsSource()_. Each _Sync Source_ is an instance of class _AndroidAppSyncSource_, whereas this class inherits from class _AppSyncSource_. For some data types there are special sub classes of _AndroidAppSyncSource_, e.g. _CalendarAppSyncSource_ and _ContactAppSyncSource_.

If for the activation of a particular _Sync Source_ it has to be checked if a particular 3rd party app is installed on the Android device, then the presence of this app is also checked in the _setupXXXSource()_ method. For example, in method _setupNotesSource()_ it is checked if _[oi_notepad "OI Notepad"]_ is installed. 

The big buttons on the app's main screen used for triggering the syncing of a particular syncing action (e.g. syncing of contacts or notes) are instances of class _AndroidButtonUISyncSource_. 

Class _AndroidHomeScreen_ represents the main screen of the app, i.e. the screen with the big buttons for the individual _Sync Sources_. The creation of these button is done in class _UpdateAvailableSourcesUIThread_, which is an inner class of _AndroidHomeScreen_ . 

==Program flow when a sync button is pressed==

When the button for a particular Sync Source is pressed (e.g., for syncing notes), then the following happens:

 * For each Sync Source's button an instance of class _ButtonListener_ (inner class of class _AndroidHomeScreen_) is created.

 * The corresponding _ButtonListener's_ method _onClick()_ calls the method _buttonPressed()_ of the _HomeScreenController_ object referenced by the _AndroidHomeScreen_ object (actually an object of class _AndroidHomeScreenController_, which is a sub class of _HomeScreenController_).

 * The method _buttonPressed()_ of class _HomeScreenController_ receives the index of the Sync Source as parameter. It fetches the corresponding object of class _AppSyncSource_ and calls method _HomeScreenController::syncSource()_.

 * Method _syncSource()_ calls method _synchronize()_ (still in class _HomeScreenController_). After several overloaded variants of this method have passed method _SynchronizationController::forceSynchronization()_ is invoked.

 * After some checks by _forceSynchronization()_ method _continueSynchronizationAfterBandwithSaverDialog()_ is invoked, which again invokes another method named _continueSynchronizationAfterFirstSyncDialog()_.

 * In this method an instance of class _AppSyncRequest_ is created. An object of class _AppSyncSource_ is added to this _AppSyncRequest_. The _AppSyncRequest_ again is added to an object of class _SyncScheduler_.

 * For adding the _AppSyncRequest_ the _SyncScheduler's_ method _addRequest()_ is called, which again calls method _doSync()_.

 * Add the end of method _SyncSchedule::doSync()_ method _callListener()_ is invoked. At the end of this method the sync request's content is passed as argument to method _sync()_ of an _SyncSchedulerListener_ object. 

 * Since _SyncSchedulerListener_ is just an interface an object of class _SyncEngine_ is used. Method _sync()_ of _SyncEngine_ is called, which calls method _synchronize()_. 

 * In method _SyncEngine::synchronize()_ some checks are performed (e.g., if the device has connectivity). If all these checks are passed, then an object of class _SyncThread_ is created and started. _SyncThread_ is an inner class of class _SyncEngine_. 

 * The work that is done in a background thread (rather than blocking the UI/main thread) is done in method _SyncEngine::run()_. This method just calls method _sync()_ in the same class. 

 * Method _sync()_ calls method _synchronize()_ (still in class _SyncEngine_). Within this method another method of _SyncEngine_ is called, namely _fireSync()_. However, before this is done an instance of class _SyncManager_ is returned, which is also one of _fireSync()'s_ parameters. (There are two implementations of interface _SyncManagerI_, namely the already mentioned class _SyncManager_ and class _SapiSyncManager_; however, for the Sync Sources supported by _ChBoSync_ so far always class _SyncManager_ is chosen. _SapiSyncManager_ seems to be for media content like images.)

 * In method _SyncEngine::fireSync()_ just method _sync()_ of the _SyncManager_ object is invoked.

 * Method _SyncManager:sync()_ is rather long. Somewhere in this method the method _postRequest()_ of the same class in invoked.
<br>

Hint: To navigate to the source code of any of these classes mentioned without knowing the package you can press _STRG+SHIFT+T_ for dialog _"Open Type"_ in Eclipse. In this dialog you can search for classes just by their name.


=Logging=

The app has its own logger class, namely _com.funambol.util.Log_, which has only static methods. This logger is initialized by the code in method _initLog()_ of class _AppInitializer_. Here an appender object is created that is passes to _Log.initLog()_. Currently only an instance of class _AndroidLogAppender_ will be used as appender, because method _AppInitializer::isFileTracingAllowed()_ returns a hard-coded _false_. 

The _AndroidLogAppender_ writes the log messages to the corresponding methods of Android's standard logger (class _android.util.Log). The tag for all these log messages is _"ChBoSync"_.